Update http3 docs for libmsquic version compatibility (#25616)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/fundamentals/servers/kestrel/http3.md

`libmsquic` is published via Microsoft's official Linux package repository at `packages.microsoft.com`. To install this package:

1. Add the `packages.microsoft.com` repository. See [Linux Software Repository for Microsoft Products](/windows-server/administration/linux-package-repository-for-microsoft-software) for instructions.
2. Install the `libmsquic` package using the distro's package manager. For example, `apt install libmsquic=1.9*` on Ubuntu.

> **Note:** .NET 6 is only compatible with the 1.9.x versions of libmsquic. Libmsquic 2.x is not compatible due to breaking changes. Libmsquic will receive updates to 1.9.x when needed to incorporate security fixes.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** .NET 6 is only compatible with the 1.9.x versions of libmsquic. Libmsquic 2.x is not compatible due to breaking changes. Libmsquic receives updates to 1.9.x when needed to incorporate security fixes.  
```

Reviewer: @samsp-msft  thanks for the PR. Per style guide, avoid FT (Future Tense).
